>> We're here to
explore who we are.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Who are you really?
What are you?
Where did you come from?
What are you made of?
Why is it that the
patterns in our bodies
are like the patterns in
the seas and the planet?
In the plants and the
animals, the life.
Why is it that the
spiral of a galaxy
is the same as a nautilus shell?
What connects the
universe together?
What unites us?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
We're all just figuring out
what's going on the surface
and what's going on
at the deeper layers.
We are an event
horizon, and then we
become the one and the zero.
We complete ourselves.
We perceive ourself.
I know that I am.
I know that I've
been back there.
I know that I'm
going this direction.
And I have the power to choose.
And now, I can be
conscious of others.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
A flowing field of energy moving
around and through my body,
that this energy is tangible.
You'll feel the tingle
of entanglement.
You begin to craft
your mind as a crystal,
as a structure that you
can fit things into.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
There was a woman standing
in the space suddenly.
And she was looking at me.
But she was not human.
She had her eye bones going
all the way back to about here
where her temples are
instead of these little knobs
that all Homo
erectus skulls have.
She had bone points on her
forehead and on her cheeks
and on her chin.
And she was wearing
these robes that
had the cowl that was
back and constellations,
symbols, and sacred geometric
patterns going all the way
down the robes that shimmered
like they were velvet
and satin at the same time.
And the symbols were
glowing in the space.
And she's just staring at me.
And I can tell that
her ears are pointed
and coming through her hair.
So I get up and I start
moving towards her.
And when I get to
about the distance
that you and I are apart, the
edge of our energy fields met.
And suddenly, it was as if I
dropped on a pair of VR goggles
and full audio-visual sense
of total connection with her.
And she says into my
mind, I know who you are.
And it wasn't just a voice.
It was a stream of
feeling and consciousness.
I was in a ship docking
with a massive mothership.
I was on a massive
platform of a bridge
with windows looking
down at a planet.
I was entering a
massive chamber with all
of these different galactic
species all around the chamber.
I was looking down
at Earth and choosing
to go there to help
the people here.
I was standing in a
stone circle looking up
with a sword in my hand and
a ship flying down above me.
They were moments of
our memories together.
And she was sharing with me
the stream of that memory,
as well as a symbol of the
five, six, seven pentagram,
the hexagram, and the
heptagram connected
that I'd been drawing
on my sketchbook
since I was in high school.
And I felt that as the
sigil that connected me
to who I am as a star being and
as someone who brings forward
the universal codes
of the infinite
eternal into this
layer of reality.
It was an overwhelming
greeting to say the least.
And I just I bowed to her.
>> I said--
>> Thank you.
At that moment, these two
redneck guys walk in the space.
And I call them rednecks because
I grew up in Western North
Carolina, ducking
chainsaw hat, full gear,
the flannel on in the
middle of Burning Man.
And they're going in there.
They're drunk and
they're probably
tripping at the same
time and looking around.
"Whoa, man.
Look at this place.
Dang."
And then they notice her.
And they're like, "Whoa, damn.
Some crazy shit in here, man."
And then they go into one of
these control panels that was
used to activate the lighting.
And they're just like in it.
And she's standing
there looking at me.
And she glances over at them.
She glances back at me.
And she says into my mind,
not all of you are ready.
And to me, it came across
kind of like that moment
in "The Fifth Element"
where she looks up war.
And you get these flashes.
And it was the flash of
a guy shooting a shotgun,
shooting a thing.
And then he's shaving his head,
and then he's in the military.
And he's got a
bigger gun and he's
like [IMITATES MACHINE GUN].
And then he's listening
to his heavy metal music.
And he's got a bigger
gun and it's a tank.
It was the journey of someone
who ends up on the wrong path
and ends up in war
and creating war
without even knowing
what they're doing,
just following orders and
destroying and killing people.
Sure.
Some of us are definitely
maybe not ready.
But at the same time
as I felt that sort
of painful reflection,
I also looked at them.
And I was so thankful
that they were there
because they gave me
this contrast and also
this amazing sense of
reality and tangibility.
And they saw her.
She's there.
I'm talking to her
telepathically.
And here's these redneck guys--
>> That see her too, right?
>> Exactly.
And they gave me that sense
of reality and grittiness.
And also, I realized
that I know these guys.
I went to high school with them.
I did keg stands
at their parties.
And there's an aspect of
their lives that I understand
and I love.
And I know that a
lot of them grew up.
Their dad beat them.
They turn into bullies
because of that.
They don't really
have another choice
of what they can do for a living
because their parents want
them to stay home and
take over the farm.
So they're pushed into FFA.
And this is the only
route they've got.
And if they don't do it they're
sent off to military school
or put in the army.
And there's a reality to that
sort of cycle and pattern.
And I sent her my sense
of that, my sense of them
and my sense of that
journey, as well
as I sent her the sense of
all of the amazing people
that I could think
of who are ready.
And that's exactly what
I said to her in my mind.
I said, and enough of us are.
She looked at me and she smiled.
And she sends me
this wave of love
that just swelled my heart.
And it took my breath away.
And she said into
my being, thank you
for honoring your people.
And I knew I had passed
some kind of test.
This was not about me to judge
them or her judging them.
This was about me
saying, it's OK.
And I was overwhelmed
by the feeling
of this connection with her,
and the love that she sent me,
and this moment of
us being together
that I just bowed to her.
And I just, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you so much for coming.
And I came up and she was gone.
>> Just like that.
>> Just gone.
And there's people
around this art thing.
The redneck guys
are still there.
I look around.
Nobody noticed.
Redneck guys are standing there.
And at one moment, a guy,
he's looking at the thing.
He looks over and he does that.
And I knew.
She was there.
Now she's gone.
People noticed.
Did she teleport out?
I don't know.
Does it matter?
And I left the art
space right then.
I walked outside just to know.
I went out of the
cone Stargate Temple,
went out into the desert.
The first light of
sunrise was just
starting to show
up on the horizon.
And I looked, and there
is no one anywhere.
And I knew she--
bloop.
And I started to walk
around this temple structure
and really look at it and really
feel what had just happened.
And some part of me just
started building up this energy.
And I was just like connecting
to the four directions.
Like here I am.
I just made contact
with my star family.
And I started running.
And I started running
back towards the city.
And I was-- just felt so
good to run in my body.
And as I'm running, I
started hearing this tone.
And it's building
up inside of me.
And this happened once
when I was in high school.
And I had this
Kundalini experience.
And a tone went through my body.
So I just go with it.
And I'm running.
And it seems like I'm getting
lighter and lighter and faster
and faster.
And the tone is getting
higher and higher and higher.
And it's building
up through my body.
And I'm looking off into
the distance at the city
as I'm traveling towards it.
And a light explodes in front
of me, like in the city--
just flashes of light.
And I say one.
And I turned.
And on the city,
another light flashes.
And I said two.
And I turn and
another light flashes.
I say three.
Turn.
Another light.
Four.
Five.
And then I'm all the way back
facing towards the temple
with its light on top.
And I see flashes on top.
Six.
And then I'm running
in like a spiral.
And I'm spiraling in
towards the center.
And I get in towards the center
to where I'm going to stop.
And I look up.
The sky turns.
I say seven.
And I shoot out of my body.
And I'm in the wormhole you've
seen in the movie "Contact."
And it's just like light waves
going everywhere and stars.
And then all of sudden, I'm
in this endless, empty, dark
space.
And there are points
like stars all around me
in every direction.
And as I turn my
attention to each of them,
the light point emerges and
becomes a galactic ambassador
looking at me.
And I turn to the next.
And each of them are
different species--
blue skinned, and red
skinned, and white skinned,
and humanoid, and
very nonhumanoid,
and looking like
all kinds of beings.
I was looking around at
the actual beings captured
in "Star Trek" and
"Star Wars" and all
of the fantasy movies
you've ever seen.
And they're all there.
And they're looking at me
and they're aware of me.
And they send me this feeling.
And I know that there's 73
of them in the room somehow.
And the feeling and the light
impression, the language,
just says welcome.
And it has this feeling like
we've been waiting for you.
And then I'm standing on
the desert in my body.
I feel like my
shoes are smoking.
And I look around.
And I realize I'm back
here on my body on Earth,
but I can still see all those
light points in every direction
even through the ground--
it was full 360
every direction--
and still get the
impression of the beings.
So I'm bilocated now in this
astral galactic council chamber
and in my body
standing on the playa.
And what do I do now?
And it was almost as if as
soon as the question was there,
I knew exactly why I was there.
My job was to be one beacon,
one transmitter connected
to a network of other beings
all around the planet who
may or may not be
conscious of the work
that they would be
doing this morning
and to transmit the state of
human consciousness, our level
of progress, so to speak, to the
rest of this galactic community
and request from them a
vote on whether or not
we're ready to join
that galactic community
and become part of that council.
And I knew from some big
book that I had in my memory
that I could request a
timeline for that vote.
It could be a month long.
It could be a day long.
Or it could be
within a few hours.
And I knew they had to follow
whatever protocol I requested
after the first vote was given.
And I was very clear in my state
of I'm here to do this vote.
And this is what
we're doing now.
And they were in agreement.
Let's do it.
And I began to move
across the playa.
And walking across
the desert, passed
by this couple that were
sitting together just
in the middle of nowhere by
themselves hugging each other.
And I felt all of their
sensations, their love,
their connection,
their sensuality--
all of these parts
of this moment
that they were having
with each other.
And it was as if it was
streaming through me
and going into this space
where it could be seen
by all of these other beings.
And immediately, in the east,
this light goes super bright.
And I turn and I look at it.
And it's shining.
And it's these white beings
with rainbow crystalline-like
eyebrows, and hair that
was like spectral strands,
and eyes with very, very deep
purple, and very human-like
face.
And they're looking at me.
And they say, "With that,
we would welcome you
into this council."
And it was the first vote.
It was a vote for love.
It was a vote for connection
and a vote for unity.
And when I got
that vote, I knew I
could establish the time frame.
And I said, how many
more before sunrise?
>> What does that mean?
>> How many more will vote yes
for us before the sun comes up?
Because the sun was
going to come up in
like an hour and a half.
So as soon as I asked them
how many before sunrise,
they sent this pulse of
light through my body
that was checking how many
people I could cross paths
with before the sun would rise.
That was a way of them
kind of saying, well,
is this going to be a big enough
sample size that you can get?
And is the networks
around the world
going to be able to
provide enough of a sample?
And the response was,
you have until sunrise.
Go.
>> OK.
So you just started
to meet people.
>> So I just started booking
it, walking across the playa.
And it wasn't looking that
good for us for a while.
It was a lot of
people who's angry
because drugs didn't work,
or they were hungover,
or their girlfriend disappeared,
or their boyfriend was
seemingly attracted to
somebody else last night,
and all the bunk of humanity.
And there was a lot of
looking at all of that
and them going eh.
And every vote of no was as if
a blindspot formed in the sky.
It was as if there was a--
you know when you stare
at a light too long,
and then you kind of get the
negative impression of that?
It was like getting the
opposite of the light
there as the marker
that they had voted no.
And I started to really wonder
if this was the right timing
for this to happen.
But at the same time,
I felt as though I
was completely neutral.
And it didn't really matter.
Because if they voted
no, I'd just keep going.
I've been here so long and
done this work for so long.
It's totally OK.
And I'm human--
>> A Sirian watching the grass.
>> A Sirian watching the
grass as Reuben Langdon says.
And I both am human.
And I'm also from
different star systems.
And I knew that
that balance in me
made it OK whatever
would happen.
And it didn't look good.
It was looking pretty rough.
And as I traveled
across the playa feeling
kind of surrendered
to what would happen,
something began to change.
And what changed was
the sunrise coming.
The clouds turned into
peach, and pink, and purple,
and gold, and silver edges.
The light reflecting off of
these icy waves of clouds
had turned the desert ground
pink with purple cracks.
The mountains became these
red, beautiful sentinels.
The sky was becoming
a full rainbow.
And as I moved around, the
more people that I passed,
the more I found these humans
who are going through whatever
they were going through were
suddenly taking a breath,
melting into love,
seeing the beauty.
And the wave continued
and continued.
And as it got very
close to sunrise,
I rounded my way back to
the temple, the last part
of Burning Man that would burn
that night where everybody
places their prayers
for their loved
ones, and lost ones, and
children, and dogs, and cats,
and everything.
All the love for what they've
had and what they've lost
ends up at the temple.
And I'm headed
straight towards it.
And there's thousands and
thousands of people all around.
They're just mass around
this ancient Japanese temple
structure.
And as I move
towards this temple,
I began to start getting the
stream of the whole field
of all of them.
And it starts just
becoming overwhelming.
I could feel the
buildup of love.
I could see votes changing
and turning to good.
But it was just like the mass
of all human culture and emotion
just laying itself
out before me.
There was still a few
minutes before sunrise.
So I walked around
to where I could
see the entire temple
and all of the people
and watch the sunrise
at the same time
and felt the sort of pulse
of conversation and sparking
and thoughts and considerations
moving and pulsing
in the field.
And I just surrendered and
let it all move and happen
and watched.
And it started to look good
and then look a little rough.
And then it look
good and look rough.
And then that spark of
light hit the horizon,
blasted me in the eyes.
Two lights went bright.
One went dark.
And then bright, bright, bright,
bright, bright, bright, bright,
bright, bright, bright,
bright, bright, bright.
And the wave hit
me of acceptance.
OK, we're down.
And the playa all around me
erupted in cheers, people--
yes-- screaming for the sunrise.
>> Wow.
>> But for me, it was the cry
of a people claiming that moment
of victory that they could go
forth as a galactic people,
that they could become part
of this great community among
the stars, that we could
resolve our differences,
that we could see through
our deepest darkness,
and know the gift of light
and love inside of us.
It was both the greatest
moment of victory
I've ever felt probably in
my entire existence and also
the shortest one.
Because as all of that
happened and the scream
and the everything,
then suddenly it
was like time to get to work.
And I'm walking
towards the sunrise.
And beings are showing up.
And they're asking me questions.
And I just go into
this deep, deep process
with them literally
for many, many hours
walking out into the
middle of the desert.
And I didn't stop until the
sun was almost overhead.
And I had, in that time,
I went through and sorted
all of these symbols and
sigils of organizations
and governments that
were either down,
or that could support
this process of what
was happening, or would
be against this process
of sovereignty among the
planet people and transition
to this new way of
being, and did my best
to just offer what
I knew in feedback.
And there were many
things I couldn't offer
but that I felt were coming
through this grid of people
dreaming, and meditating
in temples, and all
of these different places as
we're sorting out how this all
was going to go down.
And it was also clear
that it was possible
that it could only
take us seven years
and that, in the time period
of the next seven years,
we would end up in 2012.
And ideally, we work our way
through the seven chakras,
getting the things
cleared on the planet.
And we're ready.
And there's starships
coming down and landing
on the playa in 2012 as the
first galactic city of Earth,
and then it happens
all over the worlds.
And all the people sync up.
Of course, that's not what
it was able to happen.
And there's some
other reasons for that
that perhaps we
could discuss later.
But CERN is--
>> I've heard you
mention that before.
>> --a high probability for one
of the major reasons why that
may not have happened.
>> We don't have to
get into that today.
But yeah.
Maybe next time.
>> But in terms of
this time with them,
I was shown so many of the ways
that these species went through
their transition to becoming
part of this galactic
community.
And each one of
them was offering
a gift of knowledge and
wisdom about their way
of making that crossing.
And I learned about
teleportation, and body
shielding, and specific
energy dynamics,
and overcoming the
fear and the pain that
comes from lifetimes of trauma
of living on a planet where you
have giant beasts that eat
your species where you're not
the top of the food chain,
and so many other things
that I just accepted
into myself and--
>> And those-- all that
came in that night?
>> Everything came
in that morning.
>> Wow.
>> It was all a stream.
And then when it was
done, I looked back.
And I was many miles
outside of Burning Man
and the trash fence in the city.
And I didn't even remember
crossing the fence.
There was no fence.
I just walked.
Maybe I teleported through it.
Who knows?
But when I got out
there, and I looked back,
I saw that many, many
others had walked out
into the desert that day.
And our cars were
lined up at the fence.
And people were called
towards the sunrise that day.
And it was not just for me.
But as I traveled
back into the city,
and I looked at these humans,
I felt a different kind
of affinity for all of these
people, an affinity that
was more like an adult looking
at a child or a teenager
and knowing that they've
got a lot to figure it out,
but that we could do it, that
they're going to make it,
that they're going to
become adults and mature
at the right time, and that
there's a way through this.
So that was my
experience communing
with the galactic council.
>> Wow.
>> And I couldn't
go home after that.
>> Yeah.
What can you do?
>> I just stayed traveling
for years and would go around
looking for
ambassadors, and jedi,
and the people who were ready
for this kind of information
and ready to make contact.
And I'd call in starships,
and let them have experiences,
and stopped doing that
so much after a while
once I realized that a lot of
times, they'd just see a ship
and then just be like, whoa.
Is it going to happen again?
Do it again.
And I started considering what
are the deeper ways that people
can commune with star family?
And I started going very deep
into the different cultures
of the peoples that I
was connecting with,
and asking the right
questions, and understanding
not only their
cultures, but coming
to understand how their cultures
have influenced and affected
cultures here on
Earth for millennia.
And my work as a galactic
ambassador here on the planet
really began.
>> What was your first step into
the galactic ambassadorhood?
>> So after spending almost
a year, about nine months,
making contact, translating
codes from different star
nations, calling in
ships for friends,
and getting to know some of
these species a little bit
better, it was time for there to
be another prayer run for world
peace with indigenous
elders and youth.
This time, it would be a
run from Vancouver, British
Columbia, all the way
up to Eklutna, Alaska.
And I found a friend.
My friend Brittany
decides to come with me.
We borrow my friend Chris
Ardiana's hybrid Honda
to make the drive.
He rents it to us.
And I headed out across the
country from Asheville again.
And this time, the
trip was different
than any I'd ever taken.
Because everywhere
I went, I could
see what needed to happen in
the infrastructure of the energy
of the cities that I
was traveling through
and begin to find myself
doing this work that involved
organizing and correcting ley
line energies inside the planet
in order to bring more
energy through the cities
and clear blockages in the
fundamental ley line pipelines,
dragon lines, moving
through those cities
to get people more
connected and more online.
And so as I started
to do that work
in places like Los
Angeles and San Francisco,
and decoding the sort
of funk in the field
and in the collective,
and accessing
what are the keys needed
for people to move
to the next phase
of their awakening,
I also had this amazing
witness with me,
this young girl
who could give me
this amazing feedback of
her experience of doing
this great magic together.
And we traveled all the
way up to Vancouver.
And some of the
height of that work
happened as we moved on
up into British Columbia.
And I found myself
at a gathering
that was full of Syrian elves.
And here they all are incarnated
on this planet hanging out.
And in the middle of the
party, a bunch of humans
come in rolling
in with their kegs
of beer and all their stuff.
And they're going in.
They're changing the party.
And they're throwing
beer cans on the ground.
And I see this tension of the
facing of this-- these people
who are naturally Earth
inclined and elven and connected
to nature facing this
consciousness that's
just like, "Whatever.
Somebody else can
pick up my beer can."
And I saw the clash.
And I had to find a
way to somehow connect
to the energy of this
space at a deeper level
than just facing
off with person one
by one, to apply this knowledge
that I was gaining of clearing
the blocks and ley lines
and bringing through greater
energies in a city to how
a community can reconnect
with each other.
And the way that I found at
this particular gathering
was to go and sit in
front of the fire,
and actually use
the fire as a center
point for the
energy of the field,
and listen and feel all of
the different pieces of what
would come up for people in the
space and up at the dance party
and all around and just
constantly giving it back
to the fire and letting it go.
Yes, that happened.
Let it go.
Yes, this is happening.
And just loving, love, love,
love, non-freaking stop.
And Brittany joined me on
the other side of the fire.
And we just started pulsing
it together and building
this field that started to
change the circle of people
around the fire.
The guys that were
just like kind
of sitting in there smoking
with their beer cans
kind of started retreating
back and then fading.
And others started
coming in who wanted
to sing songs or play music.
And the vibration
itself just started
changing naturally by us doing
nothing or doing everything,
but doing it with the higher
consciousness from a higher
dimension, so to
speak, on what was
happening instead of
trying to directly go
at making the change.
And I applied the same
technique many times
over years after that
where I realized sometimes
when you need something
to shift big time,
going straight at the problem is
not always the best way to go.
A lot of times, it's better if
you can transcend the problem
and understand it from a greater
perspective and point of view,
and then literally uplift
the field to that place
where that higher understanding
is already present.
And then everybody
just gets there.
The problem is transcended.
>> Wow, and then did you
continue your journey up
to Alaska?
>> I did.
We were interestingly
enough at this elven party
under Elphinstone
mountain, I discover.
>> Elphinstone mountain.
>> At a party that was in--
>> That's in Canada?
>> Yeah, it's on
the Sunshine Coast.
>> Oh, wow.
>> --just off of Vancouver.
And the party that
I'm at, of course,
it's called DNA for the
names of the three people
that lived there.
And so here I am dealing with
the elven DNA and the human DNA
in this reconciliation at
a really deep level of care
for the planet.
And then I go to catch
up with the prayer run.
Because after doing such
deep work in these cities,
Brittany and I
had fallen behind.
And the kids had already
left from Vancouver.
And they're already
up into the Yukon.
And so we drove
up to catch them.
And I did the run
the rest of the way
into Alaska, fending
off the state bird
most of the way,
which is mosquitoes.
If you've never been to Alaska
in the summertime, boy, let me
tell you.
There is a lot of mosquitoes.
And came to the World Peace
Prayer Day ceremonies.
And arriving there, even
though I was still very young,
I felt such a drastic
shift in the way
that I would come to
that council and the way
that I'd hold space
there, not just as a youth
ambassador anymore, but as
an ambassador for the star
nations.
And many of the indigenous
peoples that I encountered,
including a Maori family,
could see that in me.
And they came to me and
want to connect with me.
And they said, we are
lighting up the Ring of Fire.
We are taking our
sacred objects to all
of these places in
the Ring of Fire
activating the Earth grid as
we know that you are doing.
And I heard stories
from many of the elders
about their histories.
And so much of their
sacred traditions
were given to them in
communion with star nation all
the way to the Lakota and
the white Buffalo calf
woman who showed up
for these few men
and basically gives them
the codes of the seven
sacred ceremonies of
the Lakota people.
And they understand
and acknowledge her
as star nation in
the most cases.
And so I began to really find
that the relationship with star
nation on this planet was
something that had been
going on for a very long time.
And I wanted to get to know the
ancient cultural relationships
with these nations better
as I got to know them better
and had more contact experiences
and communion with them.
And so that sort of began me
on the next phase of my journey
is to understand where and how
and why different star nations
came to this world and
where we could actually
find the keys of
their technologies
and their cultures
in history itself.
And also, as a scientist,
I wanted the confirmation
pattern.
I wanted to be able to prove
what I had experienced.
And of course, meeting so
many people that were also
having memories from
other worlds, and also
knew that they were from
these other planets,
and had had visions
and experiences
started to give me
the confirmation
that I needed about
their cultures,
about the way their
planets looked,
about the kinds of things
you'd find in their language
and in their songs.
But I wanted to do as
thorough of an investigation
as I could so that
as the time passed,
I could bring a greater and
greater, clear and grounded
understanding about our
community in the stars
to humanity that I could.
>> Excellent.
So I feel we've just started
to open the can here.
>> It's true.
>> You have-- through
your experiences,
you've had contact.
You've had the ability to learn
about our star nations to--
and I'd love to unpack that.
And I love to go into that more.
Unfortunately, we're--
the sun is setting.
You've got to get on the road.
Can we revisit that in future
engagements here in a part 2,
perhaps?
>> Have me back and we'll focus
fully on star nation cultures--
>> Awesome.
>> --technologies and what's
happening on this planet
and where we're going.
>> To wrap up, just a quick
assessment where we are right
now.
2005, you got the downloads.
The cheers were there.
We know we're moving
in this direction.
There was some
interference perhaps,
maybe two years perhaps
of a little lull?
>> Yeah.
>> What's happening now?
We just came from contact in the
desert, disclosure essentially,
front page "Washington Post."
We are in now a
postdisclosure world
as far as our mainstream media
has now dropped that bomb.
They've done it in the
past couple year we've
been seeing the headlines.
But really, this past
two weeks has been
just phenomenal for disclosure.
>> It's true.
>> What's next?
Are they going to land?
>> There's a process.
And one of the big
cycles we've been in
is about surfacing
all of the shadow.
If we can't see our shadow, if
we can't see our challenges,
then we can't change them.
And so while a lot of people
have lost a lot of hope
in the past few
years about where
we're going because so
much stuff is coming up,
the reality is that stuff
has to come up for us
to be able to see it, know it,
understand it, change it, heal
it, and grow from it,
and get somewhere better.
And so I'm very optimistic
about where we're at.
In the field of
disclosure, as always,
it's a minefield
of disinformation,
a minefield of conflicting
testimonies and ideas.
And there will
always be people that
tell stories just to get
themselves being recognized.
And that's something
I've been dealing
with for a very long time.
And I've had to
step in myself down
in a way to focusing on
what's most important,
which is the science,
the technologies,
the deep, personal, spiritual
experiences that I've had
and that I can bring
and have with others
and not focus on blasting it
out there to the world so much
who I am or what I've
done because that's not
as important to me as
getting to where we're going.
So now I feel like with
all this stuff coming up
and with my own life
going through a lot
of transformations and
maturations in certain ways,
I feel ready to share some of
these messages with the world.
And I think that there's
a lot of others out there
who have had experiences.
And perhaps they've been afraid
to come forward with them.
Perhaps they've felt like
nobody in their community
will understand them
if they share it.
But I hope that changes.
Because the more we
all gain some context
and some foundation
for what's to come,
the easier time we're
going to have transitioning
when the ships do land.
>> Well, something that you say
this fear of coming forward,
I don't feel you've had
the fear or have you?
>> It's not been about fear
as much as it is about caution
and being aware
that it's easy to--
when you have
fantastic experiences
that other people maybe
haven't had to lose trust
and to lose
connection with them.
Because they can't relate
with you as a normal human
being anymore.
And I've found
that telling people
the stories of my personal
life transformations,
and the pain I've gone through,
and the hard times I've
been through gives them a
deeper sense that I am just
a kid that grew up in New Mexico
and used to hike and build
forts in the woods.
And also, I've
come to understand
that I'm a lot more than
that too, that I'm human,
and I'm also a
galactic ambassador.
And a lot of people out there
are also not from this world
either.
And they know it.
They've felt it for a long time.
And it takes a lot of
courage and a lot of movement
through cycles and change and
transformations for people
to accept that about themselves
and be willing to really own
it and own who they are.
>> So maybe a lot of them are
waiting for the right moment,
maybe some fear, but maybe
just that awareness too like
yourself, knowing that you can't
push this information out there
if they're not
ready to accept it.
>> That's right.
That's right.
>> So maybe we're--
with our headlines
this week, people
are ready to accept
this information.
>> I think people are ready.
And I think that also all
around this world, people
are developing the technologies
and the systems that
are going to get us
across this finish line.
I've seen, with my eyes, gravity
drives fully in development.
Not going to tell you where
they are or who's building them,
but I've seen them.
And I've seen energy systems
running 24/7 just spinning
on the vacuum.
And these projects in
science and in physics
and in technology that
are happening right now
are really the
force and the push
that we need to crack through
the ceiling of is it possible
that there's
extraterrestrials out there
or not, or that even
these technologies are
possible, or are these
physics even possible?
Because now we're going to
show the world that they are.
And we're going to build ships.
And just like Gene
Roddenberry showed us
in his great vision of "Star
Trek," when you turn on warp
drive, the Vulcans notice.
And I think that's
where we're going next.
>> Awesome.
>> Light up the ship
and head to the stars.
>> Sweet, brother.
Well, I hope we can all
head there together.
>> Thank you.
>> Glad to be on board the ship.
>> It's an honor
and pleasure, sir.
>> Thank you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]